COMP 2560 Summer 2021—Assignment 2
©All Rights Reserved by Dan Wu.
Due: 11: 59 PM, Jun. 28
Question 1
Study the Linux/Unix command “cat” to understand its basic functionality.
Then study the attached source code “mycat.c” which implements the “cat”
command using standard I/O functions. Rewrite the attached “mycat.c”
program using System I/O functions (read, write, open, close).
Question 2
Using only standard I/O functions (like fopen(), fseek(), ftell(), fgets(), etc.),
write a C program to reverse the order of the lines in a text file. That is the
first line becomes last, the second line becomes the one before the last one
and so on.
Note: your program should have two arguments, the input file name and
the output file name.
Call model:
reverseFile inputFileName outputFileName
Example:
Input file:
Hello
I am happy to see you
Output file:
I am happy to see you
Hello
1
Question 3
Using system I/O functions to write a C program to combine multiple text
files into a single file and display the content of the combined file. (Note you
could still use the “printf(...)” function to display information to terminal.)
Assume we call this program “append”, the way to use it is as follows:
shell prompt >./append file1 file2 file3 combinedfile
In the above, file1 to file3 are existing text files, and combinedfile is a
newly created file whose contents is the concatenation of file1 followed by
file2 followed by files3. Your program should display the content of the
combinedfile in terminal window before it terminates. Your program should
work on any number of input files. The example usage given above shows
3 input files (file1, file2, and file3), and your program should also work, for
example, say, 30 inputs files (file1, . . . , file30) as well.
Question 4
Redo Question 4 above but this time uses standard I/O function.
Question 5
Using Unix system calls, fork(), wait(), read() and write(), write a C program for integer- basic Arithmetics (+, - , *, /). Your program should follow
the sequential steps, given below.
Prompts the message ”This program makes simple arithmetics”,
Gets in an infinite loop then
1. Writes the message “Enter an arithmetic statement, e.g., 34 +
132 > ”,
2. Reads the whole input line,
3. Forks and
– the parent writes the message “Created a child to make your
operation, waiting” then calls wait() to wait for its child.
– the child process calls the function childFunction(char *) and
never returns.
2
4. The child, through childFunction(char *line),
– writes the message “I am a child working for my parent”
– uses sscanf() to convert the input line into an integer, a character and an integer, respectively.
– in case of wrong statement, the child calls exit(50)
– in case of division by zero, the child calls exit(100)
– in case of a wrong op the child calls exit(200)
– otherwise, it performs the appropriate arithmetic operation,
– uses sprint() to create an output buffer consisting of n1 op
n2 = result,
– writes the output buffer to the screen
– calls exit(0)
5. Once the child terminates, the parent checks the returned status
value using bit-manipulation macros discussed in class and if it
is 50, 100 or 200, writes “Wrong statement”, “Division by zero”
or “Wrong operator”, respectively.
6. The parent goes back to 1.
Important:
All reads/writes must be done using read()/write()
You can use the returned value of sscanf() for detecting a “Wrong
statement” (discussed in class with a sample code, or google online to
see how to use sscanf())
Submission Requirements
For all questions, you need to submit your source code. Also use the script
command with timing option to record you compiling and running your
program and submit the script file and timing file. Please properly name all
the submitted files.